hello it's Ruby and for vlogmas day 12
i'm going to be showing you my morning
routine for a snow day so it starts off
with my morning routine and then later
on I will be vlogging as normal so first
of all as always I will read in bed and
at the moment I am reading the book the
child the books belt and it is very good
so then I go and open up my cartons and
also let in some some fresh air and also
just look out the snow then of course I
will make my bed because I don't think
you can start any day without doing this
and I'm really loving this rain deck
notion at the moment I got a compact
crow mark for a few pounds and it's
really cute
let me put on some socks as well sorry I
didn't say that quickly enough and I go
to bathroom and I open up the shutters
and I say to let some daylight in but
there isn't really in your daily life at
the moment
then I will brush my teeth which of
course is very important so then I went
downstairs and I said hello to my dog
and after my dad leaves for work
my dog usually likes to go and sleep on
the sofa so I went and greeted her in
there and here's a view from the window
because there was so much snow and I
thought that I would go outside just to
go and have a look at it so I put on my
yellow wellies and he's off from ebay if
you're wondering and I'm also putting on
my coat which was actually my mom's so
then I'm just walking around outside
with my dog just to the end of the
garden and back and this is all snow
penguin from yesterday if you haven't
seen yesterday's book so when I got back
inside I decided to make myself some
breakfast and today I decided to make
some avocado on toast
you
I also made myself some for the Mason
jasmine tea which is really really good
I'm really loving into the moment and
I'm using my lovely heat changing mug
from I think it's from mankind my sister
got it for me so here is me eating my
breakfast I don't think I've ever
time-lapsed me eating before and it's
only through doing this that I realize
just how slow and heat I am because this
is sped up a lot my parents and my
sister always joked that I'm a very slow
eater
after that I decided to get on with some
work so I completed this chemistry paper
which I'd actually made myself I've just
put together all of the questions from
passed chemistry papers which I've got
wrong so that I can practice doing these
ones because these obviously the base
that I struggle with and after that I
marked it so I'm going to go and have a
quick bath and then I'm gonna get
dressed and I never stay in pajamas it
feels really odd to actually be in them
but they're so warm because they're
fleeced and my rooms are really cold at
the moment
I'm just going to put in my contact
lenses now and I'm all dressed by
wearing this lovely Breton tee from
Bowden which is red and gold stripes so
I think it's rather festive and I'm also
wearing a lovely kind of corduroy start
again from Bowden so on a snow day I
quite liked to wear contact lenses up as
opposed to glasses just because a blue
glasses can pull off when you're in the
snow after that I got a little bit more
work and I just made a Quizlet for
English I went through the key topics
and I just wrote out critical quotes
which I wanted to learn and then after
that I made some notes on two of the
wall poems which you've recently studied
I had some class notes on them but they
were really messy and I just wanted to
add some of my own thoughts and research
to what I already had
pretty muggy side where that's so
slippery it's so glittery as well it's
never usually this cold in England look
a monkey
oh she found some meat I'm sorry I'm not
giving it to you
she really wants it but they shouldn't
give it to her the whole time I've been
out here she's been sitting by the meat
waiting to be given it
after going outside with my dog I
decided to get on with some actual snow
day well worked which I've been sat and
this was for English I was asked to go
through some key essay topics and just
plan out some quotes which I could use
fruit
I then also did some chemistry practice
quest questions on acids bases and
buffers after that I filmed a video and
this is a part of my kindness short film
series so do you stay tuned for this
video after that I watched one of
Rihanna's videos I really loved
Rihanna's Tamil at the moment and this
is quite an old video actually but I
hadn't watched it so then I did some
more of my English work I think that my
camera actually did run out of charge
halfway through filming this because I
realized that I you don't actually see
me writing up all of the essay plans
I'm just doing some more essay plans
here and if you're wondering what that
is under my jumper it's a hot water
bottle because my room was absolutely
freezing and my chest was really cold
and I didn't want to catch a chill so I
just decided to put a hot water bottle
under my jumper
I'm doing at more English work here but
you can't actually see it for some
reason it was completely after focus
when I was filming and I didn't realize
until afterwards I was debating
including this clip but I thought that
it was better to include it than not to
include it at all it's only 30 seconds
but do feel free to skip after that I
decided to watch Leah over hairs new
vlogmas because I've really loved her
blog most and I will leave it linked
somewhere on the screen then after that
my friend Ruby and I Skyped for about an
hour and then I got on to writing some
more Christmas cards if you saw
yesterday's video all that and the day
before then you'll know that I have been
writing lots of Christmas cards recently
I ended up writing around 80 or 90 and
it took me about 10 hours in total
I actually forgot to round up the vlog
so I'm going to do it now over voiceover
thank you for watching and have a
productive week